h1. INSTALL

Get it from github through git

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/sebastiandeutsch/smile-designer-smile.git
</pre>

h1. USAGE

Just *DOUBLE CLICK* on the screen and the underlaying layout will be displayed opaque so you can visually match your result through drag and drop. To finetune you can even use your cursor keys. To hide the layout do a double click again. 
Every position will be logged through console.log, so you can adjust the initialisation for the next page refresh (see optional hash). If you need more information you can continue reading on the "projects homepage":http://blog.9elements.com/?page_id=54.

h1. IMPLEMENTATION

Just include an empty div in your Layout and inititalize the Plugin through

<pre>
jQuery('#dummy').smileDesignerSmile(pathToDraftPng, optionalArguments)
</pre>

or look at some code here:

<pre>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascript/jquery/jquery-x.x.x.min.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/javascript/jquery/jquery.smiledesignersmile.js"></script>
</head>
<body>

...

<div id="dummy" style=""></div>

<script>
	jQuery(document).ready(function() {
		jQuery('#dummy').smileDesignerSmile('my_awesomelayout', { backgroundPosition : "-100px 100px", opacity : "0.7"} );
	});
</script>

</body>
</html>
</pre>
	
h1. ROADMAP

* 0.7.2 remove empty div depency
* 0.8.0 Implement keys for changing opacity
* 0.9.0 Implement a basic ruler
* 1.0.0 No bugs, no tickets left

h1. COPYRIGHT

All code is © 2009, "9elements":http://9elements.com and is released under the MIT License.
Feel free to email us with any questions or feedback.

h1. CHANGELOG

* Made it working in the really filthy IE6
* Replaced object hijacking with <code>data</code> function of jQuery
* Made it working with IE7
* Made logging optional
